storage migration guide (#2451)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: sdk/storage/MigrationGuide.md

The modern SDK has taken a client-based approach. There are no objects designed to be representations of storage resources, but instead clients that act as your mechanism to interact with your storage resources in the cloud. **Clients hold no state of your resources.** This is most noticable when looking at [blob metadata](#managing-blob-metadata).

The hierarchical structure of Azure Blob Storage can be understood by the following diagram:  
![Blob Storage Hierarchy](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/media/storage-blobs-introduction/blob1.png)

In the interest of simplifying the API surface, v12 uses three top level clients to match this structure that can be used to interact with a majority of your resources: `BlobServiceClient`, `BlobContainerClient`, and `BlobClient`. Note that blob-type-specific operations can still be accessed by their specific clients, as in v7.5.

> #### Migrating from CloudBlobDirectory

Author: ```suggestion
#### Migrating from cloud_blob_directory
```

Note the absence of a v12 equivalent for v7.5's `cloud_blob_directory`. Directories were an SDK-only concept that did not exist in Azure Blob Storage, and which were not brought forwards into the modern Storage SDK. As shown by the diagram in [Client Structure](#client-structure), containers only contain a flat list of blobs, but those blobs can be named and listed in ways that imply a folder-like structure. See our [Listing Blobs in a Container](#listing-blobs-in-a-container) migration samples later in this guide for more information.

For those whose workloads revolve around manipulating directories and heavily relied on the leagacy SDKs abstraction of this structure, consider the [pros and cons of enabling hierarchical namespace](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/data-lake-storage-namespace) on your storage account, which would allow switching to the [Data Lake Gen 2 SDK](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage/azure-storage-files-datalake), whose migration is not covered in this document.

#### Class Conversion Reference

> The following table lists v11 classes and their v12 equivalents for quick reference.

Author: ```suggestion
The following table lists v7.5 classes and their v12 equivalents for quick reference.
```

# Migration Guide: From Azure Storage Legacy CPP SDK to Azure Stroage CPP SDK

This guide intends to assist customers in migrating from legacy versions of the Azure Storage C++ library for Blobs to version 12.
While this guide is generally applicable to older versions of the SDK, it was written with v7.5 in mind as the starting point.

> It will focus on side-by-side comparisons for similar operations between the [Track1 SDK](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-cpp) and [Track2 SDK](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage).

Author: ```suggestion
It will focus on side-by-side comparisons for similar operations between the [v7.5 package](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-cpp) and [v12 package](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage).
```

> Familiarity with the legacy client library is assumed. For those new to the Azure Storage Blobs client library for C++, please refer to the [Quickstart](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/quickstart-blobs-c-plus-plus) for the v12 library rather than this guide.

Reviewer: Please use unified naming for the client library/SDK to avoid confusion.

> Familiarity with the legacy client library is assumed. For those new to the Azure Storage Blobs client library for C++, please refer to the [Quickstart](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/quickstart-blobs-c-plus-plus) for the v12 library rather than this guide.

Author: ```suggestion
Familiarity with the legacy client library is assumed. For those new to the Azure Storage Blobs client library for C++, please refer to the [Quickstart](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/quickstart-blobs-c-plus-plus) for the v12 library rather than this guide.
```

## Table of contents

- [Migration benefits](#migration-benefits)
- [General changes](#general-changes)
  - [Package and namespaces](#package-and-namespaces)
  - [Authentication](#authentication)
  - [Client structure](#client-structure)
- [Migration samples](#migration-samples)
  - [Creating a Container](#creating-a-container)
  - [Uploading Blobs to a Container](#uploading-blobs-to-a-container)
  - [Downloading Blobs from a Container](#downloading-blobs-from-a-container)
  - [Listing Blobs in a Container](#listing-blobs-in-a-container)
  - [Managing Blob Metadata](#managing-blob-metadata)
  - [Content Hashes](#content-hashes)
  - [Resiliency](#resiliency)
- [Additional information](#additional-information)

## Migration benefits

To understand why we created our version 12 client libraries, you may refer to the Tech Community blog post, [Announcing the Azure Storage v12 Client Libraries](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-storage/announcing-the-azure-storage-v12-client-libraries/ba-p/1482394) or refer to our video [Introducing the New Azure SDKs](https://aka.ms/azsdk/intro).

Included are the following:

> - Thread-safe synchronous APIs

Author: ```suggestion
- Thread-safe synchronous APIs
- More comprehensive feature parity
- Dropped dependency of Boost and cpprestsdk
```

> - Improved performance

Reviewer: A number like (50%+) would be very appealing for existing customers.

Author: These are general benefits of Track2 SDKs, not only C++. I don't know if performance of other language SDKs are improved, even if they are, I don't know the specific number.

Reviewer: I don't agree, I think the migration guide within C++ SDK is the guide specific for C++ Track 2 SDK, so it could show how much C++ improved from track 1 to track 2.

- Consistent and idiomatic code organization, naming, and API structure, aligned with a set of common guidelines

> - The learning curve associated with the libraries was reduced

Reviewer: Full stop for each line?
Also, could add `More comprehensive feature parity.`, `Removed dependencies on CPPRestSDK and Boost.`, `Better supportability in feature requests and issue fixes.` which are also selling points for track 2 SDK.

Author: I assume these are benefits of v12 client sdks, not only about C++ SDK

Author: I copied most of this doc from .Net

Reviewer: `Advanced request customization with pipeline framework.` is another selling point.

Author: This is migration guide, not advertisement. I don't think most of customers would care advanced scenarios.

Reviewer: If we have a migration guide, it would be the first thing to look at if customer is considering migration. I think it should at least make sure the advantages are at least stated.

Author: respectfully disagree.

Note: The blog post linked above announces deprecation for previous versions of the library.

## General changes

### Package and namespaces

Package names and the namespaces root for version 12 Azure client libraries follow the pattern `Azure::[Area]::[Service]` where the legacy libraries followed the pattern `azure::[area]::[service]`.

In this case, to install the legacy v7.5 package with vcpkg:
```bash
vcpkg install azure-storage-cpp
```

It is now the following for v12:
```bash
vcpkg install azure-storage-blobs-cpp
```

> ### Authentication

Reviewer: `Anonymous access` is also a type of authentication we support.

Author: I wouldn't think of that as an **authentication** method. Because the request is not authenticated at all.

Reviewer: No auth is an auth kind.

Author: I don't think so. .Net migration guide author is with me.  https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/master/sdk/storage/Azure.Storage.Blobs/AzureStorageNetMigrationV12.md#authentication

#### Azure Active Directory

v7.5

The legacy Storage SDK contained a `bearer_token_credential` class that could be used to populate a `storage_credentials` instance. Constructors took a string token for HTTP authorization headers and an optional refresh mechanism for the library to invoke when the token expired.

v12

A `TokenCredential` abstract class (different API surface than v7.5) exists in the [Azure Core](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/core/azure-core) package that all libraries of the new Azure SDK family depend on, and can be used to construct Storage clients. Implementations of this class can be found separately in the [Azure Identity](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/identity/azure-identity) package.

```C++

> BlobServiceClient serviceClient(serviceUrl, std::make_shared<Azure::Identity::ClientSecretCredential>(tenantId, clientId, clientSecret));

Reviewer: How `serviceUrl` is got and all other URLs are constructed is a very important thing that should be mentioned. I don't think track 1 users are familiar with this field.

Author: Familiarity with the legacy client library is assumed.

If legacy client customers are not familiar with URL, how did they construct a client authed with bear token?

Reviewer: As long as they are using track 1 SDK to get the URL, it does not work for track 2 right?

```

v12
```C++
BlobServiceClient serviceClient = BlobServiceClient::CreateFromConnectionString(connectionString);
```

You can also directly get a blob client with your connection string, instead of going through a service and container client to get to your desired blob. You just need to provide the container and blob names alongside the connection string.

```C++
BlobClient blobClient = BlobClient::CreateFromConnectionString(connectionString, containerName, blobName);
```

#### Shared Key

Shared key authentication requires the URI to the storage endpoint, the storage account name, and the shared key as a base64 string. The following code assumes you have acquired your shared key (you can do so from the Access Keys tab under Settings in your Portal Storage Account blade). It is recommended to store it in an environment variable.

Note that the URI to your storage account can generally be derived from the account name (though some exceptions exist), and so you can track only the account name and key. These examples will assume that is the case, though you can substitute your specific account URI if you do not follow this pattern.

v7.5
```C++

> cloud_blob_client blob_client(storage_uri(blob_url), storage_credentials(account_name, account_key));

Author: ```suggestion
cloud_blob_client blob_client(storage_uri(blob_service_url), storage_credentials(account_name, account_key));
```

```

v12
```C++
auto credential = std::make_shared<StorageSharedKeyCredential>(accountName, accountKey);
BlobServiceClient serviceClient(blobServiceUrl, credential);
```

If you wish to rotate the key within your `BlobServiceClient` (and any derived clients), you must retain a reference to the `StorageSharedKeyCredential`, which has the instance method `Update(std::string accountKey)`.

### Client Structure

**The legacy SDK used a stateful model.** There were container and blob objects that held state regarding service resources and required the user to manually call their update methods. But blob contents were not a part of this state and had to be uploaded/downloaded whenever they were to be interacted with. This became increasingly confusing over time, and increasingly susceptible to thread safety issues.

> The modern SDK has taken a client-based approach. There are no objects designed to be representations of storage resources, but instead clients that act as your mechanism to interact with your storage resources in the cloud. **Clients hold no state of your resources.** This is most noticable when looking at [blob metadata](#managing-blob-metadata).

Reviewer: Please specify that `LeaseClient`s are exceptions.

Author: I agree lease state/status/period is **state** of a blob. But lease ID, it's more like a resource, maybe?

Reviewer: `**Clients hold no state of your resources.**` but `LeaseClient` holds the state of your lease, which should be mentioned as an exception.

Author: all right, fine.

> The modern SDK has taken a client-based approach. There are no objects designed to be representations of storage resources, but instead clients that act as your mechanism to interact with your storage resources in the cloud. **Clients hold no state of your resources.** This is most noticable when looking at [blob metadata](#managing-blob-metadata).

Author: ```suggestion
The modern SDK has taken a client-based approach. There are no objects designed to be representations of storage resources, but instead clients that act as your mechanism to interact with your storage resources in the cloud. **Clients hold no state of your resources.** (Lease client is an exception.) This is most noticable when looking at [blob metadata](#managing-blob-metadata).
```

The hierarchical structure of Azure Blob Storage can be understood by the following diagram:  

> ![Blob Storage Hierarchy](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/media/storage-blobs-introduction/blob1.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Blob Storage Hierarchy](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/media/storage-blobs-introduction/blob1.png)
```

For those whose workloads revolve around manipulating directories and heavily relied on the leagacy SDKs abstraction of this structure, consider the [pros and cons of enabling hierarchical namespace](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/data-lake-storage-namespace) on your storage account, which would allow switching to the [Data Lake Gen 2 SDK](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage/azure-storage-files-datalake), whose migration is not covered in this document.

#### Class Conversion Reference

The following table lists v7.5 classes and their v12 equivalents for quick reference.

| v7.5 | v12 |
|-------|--------|
| `cloud_blob_client` | `BlobServiceClient` |
| `cloud_blob_container`  | `BlobContainerClient` |
| `cloud_blob_directory` | No equivalent |
| `cloud_blob` | `BlobClient` |
| `cloud_block_blob` | `BlockBlobClient` |
| `cloud_page_blob` | `PageBlobClient` |
| `cloud_append_blob` | `AppendBlobClient` |

> ## Migration Samples

Reviewer: Lease is also different in usage. Might need a section on that.
LRO (poller for copy) is another one in my mind.

Author: Track1 SDK doesn't even support waiting on LRO. How can anybody possibly migrate that functionality?

Reviewer: Migration from customer code that sleeps and waits until copy status returns finished to this more elegant approach of PollUntilDone is somehow worth mentioning to me. But feel free to disagree and ignore.

### Creating a Container

v7.5
```C++
auto container_client = service_client.get_container_reference(container_name);
container_client.create();
```

v12
```C++
auto containerClient = serviceClient.GetBlobContainerClient(containerName);
containerClient.Create();
```

Or you can use the `BlobServiceClient.CreateBlobContainer()` method.

```C++
serviceClient.CreateBlobContainer(containerName);
```

### Uploading Blobs to a Container

#### Uploading from a file

v7.5
```C++
cloud_block_blob block_blob_client = container_client.get_block_blob_reference(blob_name);
block_blob_client.upload_from_file(local_file_path);
```

v12
```C++
BlockBlobClient blockBlobClient = containerClient.GetBlockBlobClient(blobName);
blockBlobClient.UploadFrom(localFilePath);
```

#### Uploading from a stream

v7.5
```C++
block_blob_client.upload_from_stream(stream);
```

v12
```C++

> blockBlobClinet.Upload(stream);

Reviewer: Is this single threaded? I thought the equivalent should be `UploadFrom`?

Author: `Upload` uploads from stream
`UploadFrom` uploads from file or memory buffer

#### Downloading to a file

v7.5
```C++
auto blob_client = container_client.get_blob_reference(blob_name);
blob_client.download_to_file(local_file_path);
```

v12
```C++
auto blobClient = containerClient.GetBlobClient(blobName);
blobClient.DownloadTo(localFilePath);
```

#### Downloading to a stream

v7.5
```C++
blob_client.download_to_stream(stream);
```

v12
```C++
auto response = blobClient.Download();
BodyStream& stream = *response.Value.BodyStream;
```

#### Downloading text

v7.5
```C++
auto text = blob_client.download_text();
```

v12
```C++
auto response = blobClient.Download();
std::vector<uint8_t> blobContent = response.Value.BodyStream->ReadToEnd();
std::string text(blobContent.begin(), blobContent.end());
```

### Listing Blobs in a Container

#### Flat Listing

v7.5
```C++
for (auto iter = container_client.list_blobs(); iter != list_blob_item_iterator(); ++iter) {
    if (iter->is_blob()) {
        auto blob_client = iter->as_blob();
    }
}
```

v12
```C++
for (auto blobPage = containerClient.ListBlobs(); blobPage.HasPage(); blobPage.MoveToNextPage()) {
    for (auto& blob : blobPage.Blobs) {

    }
}
```

#### Hierarchical Listing

> See the [list blobs documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blobs-list?tabs=dotnet#flat-listing-versus-hierarchical-listing) for more information on what a hierarchical listing is.

Author: ```suggestion
See the [list blobs documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blobs-list?tabs=dotnet#flat-listing-versus-hierarchical-listing) for more information on what a hierarchical listing is.
```

stageBlockOptions.TransactionalContentHash.Algorithm = HashAlgorithm::Md5;  // HashAlgorithm::Crc64 to use CRC64.
stageBlockOptions.TransactionalContentHash.Value = precalculatedContentHash;
blobClient.StageBlock(blockId, blockContentStream, stageBlockOptions);

// upload more blocks as needed

// commit block list
blobClient.CommitBlockList(blockList);

// download any range of blob with transactional checksum requested (maximum 4 MB for downloads)
DownloadBlobOptions downloadOptions;
downloadOptions.RangeHashAlgorithm = HashAlgorithm::Md5;  // HashAlgorithm::Crc64 to use CRC64.
auto response = blobClient.Download();
auto hashAlgorithm = response.Value.Details.HttpHeaders.ContentHash.Algorithm;
auto hashValue = response.Value.Details.HttpHeaders.ContentHash.Value;
// validate stream against hash in your workflow
```

### Resiliency

#### Retry policy

v7.5
```C++
blob_request_options options;
options.set_retry_policy(exponential_retry_policy(delta_backoff, max_attempts));
```

v12
```C++
Blobs::BlobClientOptions options;
// The only supported mode is exponential.
options.Retry.RetryDelay = std::chrono::milliseconds(delta_backoff);
options.Retry.MaxRetries = maxAttempts;
```

> ## Additional information

Reviewer: How to construct a SAS v1 vs v12?
How to specify HTTP client options v1 vs v12? e.g. Proxy/CA_CERT location/Disable cert revokation list etc.
How to abort/cancel a request or specify a client timeout?
I'm OK with those info on this page or referencing samples.

Author: Do you want me to cover everything in this document?

Reviewer: We need someplace to cover those. Feel free to cover it in other places you think appropriate.

Author: We have a [sample](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/blob/master/sdk/storage/azure-storage-blobs/sample/blob_sas.cpp) for SAS generation, the link of which is at the bottom of this guide.

I might able to accept to add timeout in this guide, but I want to hold it until we have get requests from customers.

I won't add migration guide for other more advanced features. Very few of customers will use that.

### Samples
More examples can be found at:

> - [Azure Storage samples using v12 C++ Client Libraries](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-samples-c-plus-plus?toc=/azure/storage/blobs/toc.json)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Azure Storage samples using v12 C++ Client Libraries](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-samples-c-plus-plus?toc=/azure/storage/blobs/toc.json)
```

### Links and references

> - [Quickstart](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/quickstart-blobs-c-plus-plus)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Quickstart](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/quickstart-blobs-c-plus-plus)
```

> - [Samples](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-samples-c-plus-plus?toc=/azure/storage/blobs/toc.json)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Samples](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-samples-c-plus-plus?toc=/azure/storage/blobs/toc.json)
```

> # Migration Guide: From Azure Storage Legacy CPP SDK to Azure Stroage CPP SDK

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Migration Guide: From Azure Storage CPP SDK (v7.5) to Azure Storage CPP SDK
```

This guide intends to assist customers in migrating from legacy versions of the Azure Storage C++ library for Blobs to version 12.
While this guide is generally applicable to older versions of the SDK, it was written with v7.5 in mind as the starting point.

> It will focus on side-by-side comparisons for similar operations between the [v7.5 package](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-cpp) and [v12 package](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It focuses on side-by-side comparisons for similar operations between the [v7.5 package](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-cpp) and [v12 package](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage).
```

> Familiarity with the legacy client library is assumed. For those new to the Azure Storage Blobs client library for C++, please refer to the [Quickstart](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/quickstart-blobs-c-plus-plus) for the v12 library rather than this guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Familiarity with the v7.5 client library is assumed. For those new to the Azure Storage Blobs client library for C++, please refer to the [Quickstart](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/quickstart-blobs-c-plus-plus) for the v12 library rather than this guide.
```

## Table of contents

- [Migration benefits](#migration-benefits)
- [General changes](#general-changes)
  - [Package and namespaces](#package-and-namespaces)
  - [Authentication](#authentication)
  - [Client structure](#client-structure)
- [Migration samples](#migration-samples)
  - [Creating a Container](#creating-a-container)
  - [Uploading Blobs to a Container](#uploading-blobs-to-a-container)
  - [Downloading Blobs from a Container](#downloading-blobs-from-a-container)
  - [Listing Blobs in a Container](#listing-blobs-in-a-container)
  - [Managing Blob Metadata](#managing-blob-metadata)
  - [Content Hashes](#content-hashes)
  - [Resiliency](#resiliency)
- [Additional information](#additional-information)

## Migration benefits

> To understand why we created our version 12 client libraries, you may refer to the Tech Community blog post, [Announcing the Azure Storage v12 Client Libraries](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-storage/announcing-the-azure-storage-v12-client-libraries/ba-p/1482394) or refer to our video [Introducing the New Azure SDKs](https://aka.ms/azsdk/intro).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to the Tech Community blog post, [Announcing the Azure Storage v12 Client Libraries](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-storage/announcing-the-azure-storage-v12-client-libraries/ba-p/1482394) or [Introducing the New Azure SDKs](https://aka.ms/azsdk/intro), to understand the benefits of switching to the version 12 client libraries.
```

Included are the following:
- Thread-safe synchronous APIs
- More comprehensive feature parity
- Dropped dependency of Boost and cpprestsdk
- Improved performance
- Consistent and idiomatic code organization, naming, and API structure, aligned with a set of common guidelines
- The learning curve associated with the libraries was reduced

Note: The blog post linked above announces deprecation for previous versions of the library.

## General changes

### Package and namespaces

> Package names and the namespaces root for version 12 Azure client libraries follow the pattern `Azure::[Area]::[Service]` where the legacy libraries followed the pattern `azure::[area]::[service]`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Version 12 package names and the namespace roots follow the pattern `Azure::[Area]::[Service]` where v7.5 libraries followed the pattern `azure::[area]::[service]`.
```

In this case, to install the legacy v7.5 package with vcpkg:
```bash
vcpkg install azure-storage-cpp
```

It is now the following for v12:
```bash
vcpkg install azure-storage-blobs-cpp

> ```

Author: Version 12 packages are installed with:
```bash
vcpkg install azure-storage-blobs-cpp
```

Previously the v7.5 package was installed with:
```bash
vcpkg install azure-storage-cpp
```

> In this case, to install the legacy v7.5 package with vcpkg:
> ```bash
> vcpkg install azure-storage-cpp
> ```
> 
> It is now the following for v12:
> ```bash
> vcpkg install azure-storage-blobs-cpp
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Version 12 packages are installed with:
```bash
vcpkg install azure-storage-blobs-cpp
```
```
Previously the v7.5 package was installed with:
```bash
vcpkg install azure-storage-cpp
```

| `cloud_blob` | `BlobClient` |
| `cloud_block_blob` | `BlockBlobClient` |
| `cloud_page_blob` | `PageBlobClient` |
| `cloud_append_blob` | `AppendBlobClient` |

## Migration Samples

### Creating a Container

v7.5
```C++
auto container_client = service_client.get_container_reference(container_name);
container_client.create();
```

v12
```C++
auto containerClient = serviceClient.GetBlobContainerClient(containerName);
containerClient.Create();
```

Or you can use the `BlobServiceClient.CreateBlobContainer()` method.

```C++
serviceClient.CreateBlobContainer(containerName);
```

### Uploading Blobs to a Container

#### Uploading from a file

v7.5
```C++
cloud_block_blob block_blob_client = container_client.get_block_blob_reference(blob_name);
block_blob_client.upload_from_file(local_file_path);
```

v12
```C++
BlockBlobClient blockBlobClient = containerClient.GetBlockBlobClient(blobName);
blockBlobClient.UploadFrom(localFilePath);
```

#### Uploading from a stream

v7.5
```C++
block_blob_client.upload_from_stream(stream);
```

v12
```C++
blockBlobClinet.Upload(stream);
```

#### Uploading text

v7.5
```C++
block_blob_client.upload_text("Hello Azure!");
```

v12
```C++

> uint8_t  text[] = "Hello Azure!";
> blockBlobClient.UploadFrom(text, sizeof(text));

Author: ```suggestion
uint8_t text[] = "Hello Azure!";
blockBlobClient.UploadFrom(text, sizeof(text) - 1);
```

> std::string text("Hello Azure!");
> blockBlobClient.UploadFrom(reinterpret_cast<const uint8_t*>(text.data()), text.length());

Reviewer 3: Wonder if we might prefer not showing the reinterpret_cast?

```suggestion
uint8_t  text[] = "Hello Azure!";
blockBlobClient.UploadFrom(text, sizeof(text));
```

Author: I'm slightly leaning toward `reinterpret_cast`. But we use `uint8_t` in blob samples, so why not keep alignment.
